meta: update the link to the ML (#1170)
lightning/bolts: README.md

Pull requests and comments welcome, seeking input from community stakeholders.

> Discussion available on the [delving bitcoin](https://delvingbitcoin.org/tag/lightning).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discussion available on [delving bitcoin](https://delvingbitcoin.org/tag/lightning).
```

> Previous discussion are still hosted on the [linuxfoundation ML](https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/2023-December/004231.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previous discussions are still hosted on the [ilghtning-dev mailing list archive](https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev)
```

Author: Always missing the `s`, thanks
